Flux release preparation (#106)
headlamp-k8s/plugins: flux/README.md

# Flux

> The Flux plugin that provides views for Flux installation on your cluster. Flux is a tool for implementing GitOps, keeping Kubernetes clusters in sync with sources of configuration (like Git repositories), and automating updates to configuration when there is new code to deploy.

Reviewer: ran this through hemingway to make it more accessible:
```suggestion
The Flux plugin that provides views for Flux installation on your cluster. Flux is a tool for implementing GitOps and synchronizing Kubernetes clusters with sources of configuration (like Git repositories). It also automates updates to configuration when there is new code to deploy.
```

> This plugin adds a new item Flux to the sidebar, to give the user an overview of the Flux installation on the cluster.

Reviewer: minor nit
```suggestion
This plugin adds a new item (Flux) to the sidebar to give the user an overview of the Flux installation on the cluster.
```

## Flux Installation

> Please refer to the [official installation guide](https://fluxcd.io/flux/installation/) for Flux, to learn to install it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the [official installation guide](https://fluxcd.io/flux/installation/) for Flux to learn to install it.
```
